so that the wedding becomes a bride
spectacular it is essential that you take care of
details that will make you see current and
cool hello I'm good jose and like ya
I have presented what will be the hairstyles
for next year today I present to you the
ideal complement to the look in your
wedding bridal makeup 2015
the bridal makeup of 2015 is based
in a concept the natural eye that is not
the same as a washed face a
so if makeup date
the wedding to do in said year you will have to
focus on a radiant skin
bright and uniform if you're interested
to see you in fashion, focus on your skin
look healthy without marked features and
especially saying goodbye to the squares
of makeup to achieve it you
I recommend that you use a makeup of
bride with airbrush in express tone
and peach this will give you the effect of
be made up but without looking like
second the protagonist of makeup
of bridal 2015 are the eyes all
Brides who get married this year should
destroy the clear intense unit that
taking care that the tones they use are
appropriate according to
ie if it 's day or night
2015 the world classic is dismissed in
black color that is characterized by being
more dramatic and welcomes this
style but in lighter shades like
neutral bronzes and plums to frame
the look the delineated cat will be
super hot this 2015 and of course not
can forget about the tabs
false ones that luckily will never happen
fashion another element to consider for the
bridal makeup 2015 also
related to the eyes are the eyebrows
to see you in super tendency the day of
the wedding careful that your eyebrows present
in a marked and thick natural design
nothing nothing nothing of thin eyebrows nor for
next year or for any other
eyebrows are the personality of the face and
the ones in charge of giving expression
take care of them and finally I present to you which
you of the color of lips 2015 and that will be
the one in charge of framing the radiant
smile happiness on such an unforgettable day
complement your bridal makeup with
mimes
Neutral mauve roses and for brides
more daring the burgundy tone will be
super good and I hope that with these
tips you see yourself with a lot of style and more
beautiful that never remembers that all the
looks will be on you and well no
I had said goodbye not before asking
if you liked the video - like the click
in subscribing the days every day in
the blog maria jose puntocom and in my
networks
until the next kisses
Y